new services that you're gonna find on a navy base differentiate based
on where you're gonna be station you'll find that the larger navy bases
pretty much have every kind of service you can think of right there
on base I mean you'll have your medical you'll have dental you'll
have shopping of places to eat there's an M. W. are there that can
do you know extra curricular activities I mean there will be financial
services on base counseling services people to do your taxes you
know whereas when you get to a smaller base you might find yourself
a little bit more limited and have to do things out in town in order
to get those services so really just depends on where you're gonna
be station but you know the navy's been done a really good job of
providing you with a lot of service you need right there on base